"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him .
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring .
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face. "
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end .
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules ?
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism" .
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search .
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
This is an event you don't want to miss! !
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make! !
All you have to do, and It Really works!! !
"All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet ,
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme .
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
$3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks .
$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .
I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to ?
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop !
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet .
Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first .
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper .
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it! "
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .
I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you) .
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
