Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .
They are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people .
And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him .
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .
The biggest threat Israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian national liberation movements .
Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it .
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring .
In fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter .
But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls" .
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday .
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics .
An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities. "
A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends.. .
Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents .
That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it .
Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all .
Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration. .
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .
The picture I described here is not pretty .
"The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets .
Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka" ?
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .
According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone .
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .
Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?) ?
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .
Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
It's funny, because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads) .
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier.. .
The least we can do is pass this news along .
Is there anyone else we should tell ?
Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London) .
I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had .
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have .
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call .
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .
Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end .
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done .
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
Do you also have a SSD we can use ?
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power .
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .
On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .
"We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said .
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said .
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .
Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed? ?
(c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts. ?
The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .
These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again .
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism" .
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .
"All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said .
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search .
Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett .
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .
Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts .
Abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments .
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
If you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off .
I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring .
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .
This is an event you don't want to miss! !
Another thing you can try .
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down .
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .
I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .
This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed .
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives. "
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .
All I say is, it works .
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make! !
NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .
All you have to do, and It Really works!! !
"All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet ,
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .
These are some of the things I've been wondering.. .
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake .
Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life .
Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget .
The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .
The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man... .
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film .
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man" .
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels) .
$44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries .
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high .
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year .
$1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .
$10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget .
$3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service .
$80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended .
$0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003 .
$46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .
$42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
$113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record .
$30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003 .
$205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period .
$101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .
15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
$23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history .
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
$64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004 .
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stop s
But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats) .
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy ( :
I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have .
Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .
(Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this .
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts .
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun .
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !
Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .
I was gonna have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop .
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do ?
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .
The main thing people do there is go to the beach .
The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .
A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle .
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .
I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her .
I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first .
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war .
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween .
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid .
so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least .
Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill) .
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.ht m
He is really excited about anybody he see .
This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like .
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide .
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .
Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc .
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .
None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
-AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERAL L
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right ?
Is there any tricks I could use ?
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary .
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available .
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .
He did not give them the number of troops they requested .
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .
The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding) .
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs ?
These are the steps I used .
Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .
I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford .
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after .
I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great .
I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way! !
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch .
This is car number 3 we've purchased through them .
The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale .
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House... .
But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER .
It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW! !
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly .
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .
I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms .
The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good .
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .
They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used .
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !
Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example .
The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant .
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
We both kept trying to find something we liked .
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
The kind of support they provide is simply great!! !
Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot) .
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .
I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .
Worst Service I've Ever Experience d
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .
While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget .
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper .
The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen .
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
I have finally found a mechanic I trust! !
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .
Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID .
I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .
There must be a reason so many people like it there .
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .
Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great" .
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right .
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved "
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
Best money I've spent on remodeling ever .
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
Well, not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience .
I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot .
Grimy work you guys do .
Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can .
I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at !
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it! "
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls) .
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination .
That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat !
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car .
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .
The Worst Chinese I've Ever Ha d
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .
One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop .
Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .
I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .
And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money!! !
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you) .
The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere .
I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else .
I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car) .
