They are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people .
By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years .
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .
Now that's a post I can relate to .
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .
GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business .
Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case.. .
Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .
The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians .
The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in .
Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning .
That was the last Ismat heard from her .
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals. "
The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers .
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .
Plus, I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it .
It's funny, because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement .
With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review .
I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went .
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules ?
After talking with Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .
In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .
However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for all of them .
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
(From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most .
In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .
It's about time we got together .
Many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door .
Don't you think it's time we talked ?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
Abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments .
Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that China was paying such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price .
Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of .
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .
Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture .
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?
I expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme .
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of .
1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves .
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God) .
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity .
The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man... .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .
25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for .
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
$6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .
$3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses .
$3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks .
$5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
$59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002 .
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003 .
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004 .
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .
its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing... .
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud "
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for. .
It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .
The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company. .
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at ?
im not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?
Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for .
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.n z
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to ?
2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it .
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me .
Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this ?
That's kind of the way it goes..lol .
But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens .
I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
the room you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK), but others will work just as well .
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep .
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop !
Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work .
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22 .
I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for .
And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest .
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day .
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .
There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point .
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad .
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet .
This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them .
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's waiting for .
But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up. .
Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first .
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .
Is that something you are up for ?
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thank s
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in .
I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House... .
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here! !
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail .
Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I .
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem, and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .
This is the most humble gym you will every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be! !
Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could .
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at .
This school is the worst one i've ever been to .
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .
Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
First and Last time we'll eat ther e
From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special .
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning! !
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!! !
Seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!! !
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key .
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening... .
The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage .
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told "This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the receptionist then hung up on me .
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with .
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
The craziest part is that they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in areas through the country .
Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can .
I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at !
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh .
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting .
Outside of parking being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in .
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken .
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
When it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for. )
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .
The best there is in service .
I chose the later, but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get .
I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides .
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular .
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .
I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .
However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .
She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions" .
To my friend, thank you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
Even my PA i went to the other day said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you" .
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .
