They are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people .
And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .
Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is) .
As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .
Response: The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .
This is what Edwards' campaign literature said about his positions: "Edwards believes that the U.S. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland .
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002 .
In any case, Kalkat puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a military option to what is a political situation. "
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver .
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
Unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .
The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .
Despite many wrinkles, India remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent Kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op-ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee would instantly .
It was the business community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China .
Four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his "band of brothers" .
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine (thanks to Dave Manzano) .
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region, Sunnis have never offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .
Any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up .
They happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .
I've read the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort, staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell .
Third ranking CIA officer, Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P. Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after February 28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA. "
The good Ã³l US of A aint what it used to be .
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s how we would like to keep it’’, says Karzai .
For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .
That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery, at his father's urging . . .
In fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality .
And of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation .
Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women .
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .
Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents .
When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany, France, Canada, Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .
See them as they are, not for what they claim to be .
This is where the socio- political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .
As I read the letter, I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on! "
Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
Yes, there is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is .
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N., the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .
And all of this is happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world .
A word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but grew up in Moslem families: They are double victims of an outside world, which now develops Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .
It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them .
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it .
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world, for the miseries of the region .
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries, including France, who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .
If democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
"The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets .
What your morning paper did not tell you, however, was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's right-hand, Ahmed Salama Mabruk, 5 years earlier .
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area .
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, God willing.' ' '
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka" ?
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning .
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds" refers to what is inside .
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed .
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone .
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy .
I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k .
Secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .
At least that is what I am thinking now .
Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
By the way, Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .
This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
I didn't feel guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .
I'm very proud of what we've done .
A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL, Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount .
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use .
I can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want .
With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review .
As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them .
We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming !
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston .
Now back to what's really important...you .
Is that what you want ?
Also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .
Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement. ?
Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .
Given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary .
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option .
Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system .
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution .
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .
To Whom It May Concern :
Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects .
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form .
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .
"The governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis," Maviglio said .
"They (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March .
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .
Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .
"He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing. "
"They (ISO management) did what any independent system operator would do. "
What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .
"We don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said .
Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again .
Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they do .
It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids .
The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting .
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him .
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .
"All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said .
Dr. Fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of .
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the alliance with the same name .
We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves .
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?
I know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what gives me hope .
If sites next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator .
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .
Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .
"I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .
This is a $200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .
The committee voted to give NASA $16.4 billion in 2005, about $200 million more than what the President requested and over $1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July. "
In quick summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place .
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
"If China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst, said .
"Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them. "
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little, stretch them .
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .
From what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage .
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court .
But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President .
AND THAT IS WHY ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL ALITO .
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .
Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
But this is what he says about civet cats :
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make! !
Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
They even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm .
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .
"I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be all and end all! "
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point ?
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .
A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles .
True, but two in England that we know of were a part of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had been physician to Essex' step-father, the Earl of Leicester, had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and Antonio Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the early 1590's .
<<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave. "
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .
How they murdered him I do not know, save that it was Murillo's hand who struck him down, for Lopez had remained to guard me .
It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast... .
At the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin .
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God) .
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda" .
The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man... .
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man" .
In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they advise black Joe to "get back to where you once belonged", as if England was not a place for black people .
While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf, especially for the US Navy .
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors .
The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror. "
50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance .
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme .
$3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service .
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President "a joke" in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002 .
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003 .
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record .
70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience .
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them her e
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard .
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud "
I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets .
my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate dram a
Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus I missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go into that school (because they only would accept me again on September of 2012), I found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was issued to me ?
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects .
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
What matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it .
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which I'm certain it doesn't) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .
From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing .
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts .
Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too .
If the baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy u p
Otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc .
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't .
I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc .
There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be .
The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them .
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
Here is what they posted ther e
And, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family .
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information .
There are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left .
In the standing photo (from the front) there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .
My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements .
The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by .
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture .
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live .
Remember that you get what you pay for .
So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time--caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that's who the photographers took pictures of .
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top .
But, you could live where ever you fancy takes you .
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness .
This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like .
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are .
You can't beat the price for what you get .
If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho .
Have a good trip where-ever you end up .
We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout .
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
Here is what I do now and it really helps... .
I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this .
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear .
What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you .
That's why it's good to have a python !
However, what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him .
UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb .
So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs .
The person at Petsmart is very wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info .
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in..atleast as far as i'm concerned .
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .
That's why I'm posting here !
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier) .
But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up. .
Here's what the owner has said :
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada .
If you have a good repoire (which I'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him.. .
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .
I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .
Their selection is random, so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .
However, during the test, they did whatever they can to get my test failed .
What you get is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow 512/512kb/s that you can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading) .
Hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !
Got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
The prices were worth what I got .
What I love most about this place, other than the food, is that eating here makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than Baltimore .
They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
This store is what Colorado is all about .
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff, that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with .
I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .
all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .
Huge selection and, great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need .
Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great" .
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on .
I guess you get what you pay for .
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved "
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
The second vendor charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service (which A&E does not) .
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling, which I liked .
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .
I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .
They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .
They made me feel confident in what they would do, and treated me like a member of their own family .
not only is this place too expensive for what it is, its horrible !
Cards, wrapping paper, paper, and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be .
I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .
I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at !
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh .
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting .
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring .
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated .
I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking... not in any hurry .
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls) .
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
Please do not go there if it's professional, friendly, diligent medical services you're looking for .
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
When it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for. )
The person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .
Thats how they were caught .
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying, "you do not order what you do not know about" and "you don't know how pizza is made" .
If you have gotten through ordering, dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you are finally presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle .
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car .
Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic, which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .
The excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that's not why I'm writing my review .
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .
They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her $10 more than what she had wanted .
I explained I did not get what I paid for .
I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
I expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .
However, now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $6,000+ despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do, I feel I have to voice my opinion .
I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .
Point is: You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which I did -- but they're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong, you'll have to fight to get it resolved .
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have .
Even my PA i went to the other day said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you" .
If you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the one for you .
I'm very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .
So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money!! !
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!! !
Aside from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere .
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's use) .
